Add API Workflows section to navigation and introduce LLM Instruction and Managing API Workflows documentation (#188)
wso2/docs-bijira: en/docs/devportal/discover-apis/ai-agent-discovery.md

# AI Agent API Discovery

> The Bijira Developer Portal has built-in support for AI agent discoverability. Every published API is automatically exposed through a set of machine readable endpoints that AI agents, LLM powered assistants, and agentic frameworks can use to discover, understand, and invoke APIs without human assistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API Platform's Developer Portal has built-in support for AI agent discoverability. Every published API is automatically exposed through a set of machine readable endpoints that AI agents, LLM powered assistants, and agentic frameworks can use to discover, understand, and invoke APIs without human assistance.
```
